Add a plugin to provide autoimport functionality (#199)
python-lsp/python-lsp-server: docs/autoimport.md

> # Autoimport for pylsp
> Requirements:
> 1. install ``python-lsp-server[rope]``
> 2. set ``pylsp.plugins.rope_autoimport.enabled`` to ``true`` 
> ## Startup
> Autoimport will generate an autoimport sqllite3 database in .ropefolder/autoimport.db on startup.  
> This will take a few seconds but should be much quicker on future runs.
> ## Usage 
> Autoimport will provide suggestions to import names from everything in ``sys.path``. You can change this by changing where pylsp is running or by setting rope's 'python_path' option. 
> It will suggest modules, submodules, keywords, functions, and classes.  
> 
> Since autoimport inserts everything towards the end of the import group, its recommended you use the isort [plugin](https://github.com/paradoxxxzero/pyls-isort).
> 
> ## Credits
>  - Most of the code was written by me, @bageljrkhanofemus

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Autoimport for pylsp

Requirements:
1. Install ``python-lsp-server[rope]``
2. Set ``pylsp.plugins.rope_autoimport.enabled`` to ``true`` 

## Startup

Autoimport will generate an autoimport sqllite3 database in .ropefolder/autoimport.db on startup.  
This will take a few seconds but should be much quicker on future runs.

## Usage 

Autoimport will provide suggestions to import names from everything in `sys.path`. You can change this by changing where pylsp is running or by setting rope's `python_path` option. 
It will suggest modules, submodules, keywords, functions, and classes.  

Since autoimport inserts everything towards the end of the import group, its recommended you use the isort [plugin](https://github.com/paradoxxxzero/pyls-isort).

## Credits
 - Most of the code was written by me, @bagel897 
```

Author: Fixed in f5a2992d57c96e66191a04691f7947b01e28af27 (just used prettier)
